Thoughts and Ideas for Project Universe
---------------------------------------

multiple worlds, each one being it's own standalone game

skills like eso?
similarity to free realms

currency/token rewards for each universe that can't be used on different universes, yet tradeable between players?
or just credits that can be used everywhere?
the thought for the tokens for each world would mean you can't farm on one world and become great at another, but maybe individual skills would offset this?

random events handled by admins? can be kind of DM-like

quest boards with randomly??, maybe, generated quests (similar to how Elite Dangerous handles it?)
  - EQUAL REWARDS FOR TIME INVESTED
    - 5 min quest = 5g
    - 10 min quest = 10g
    - 60 min quest = 60g
  - trying to think of a way to NOT suffer the same fate as Sea of Thieves
    - what happened with sea of thieves, is it just the lack of things to do?
    - lack of variety in quests
    - lack of variety in enemies
    - lack of variety in purchasable rewards

Dungeons - you have to kill all enemies on a level to proceed to the next, play with spawn times and make it variable depending on # of people on the level, to keep it fair for all group sizes

------------
Worlds Ideas
------------

Wild West World
Fantasy World
Racing World

Teleportation to different worlds? Would like a cost associated

---------------
Character Ideas
---------------

Levels 1 - 99

Level 1
HP: 25

Level 99
HP: 2500? idea is for it not to be ridiculous, we're not going to be increasing max level, especially if we keep the idea of having skills as independent levels

Attack Power
AttackPower = (CharacterLevel/10 + Weapon Bonus) x SkillLevel = INTEGER
example: Dravian (lv 13), Sword level 10, wearing a Longsword +2
AttackPower = 33 = (13/10 + 2) x 10
example: Dravian (lv 99), Sword level 100, wearing a Longsword + 10
AttackPower = 1,990 = (99/10 + 10) x 100
example: Dravian (lv 99), Bow level 5, wearing a Bow + 10
AttackPower = 100 = (99/10 + 10) x 5

XP Needed from Level 1 > 2 = 1000xp?
with an increasing curve, plan is to make levels take awhile, think PSO/Diablo 2 where max level characters were rare
losing levels/gear on death should make somebody who gets to level 99 a rare sight
not level-locking gear and possibly? being able to store it in a vault and not lose it on death will hopefully not force high level characters to stay away from danger, we don't want that
XP granted = 100% +- 5 levels, and then 20% < from 6-10 level difference

Death - you lose everything on you, but retain your bank?
Storage is Unlimited?
How do we make storage almost unimportant, we do NOT want inventory management the game

Character Storage = Standard Paperdoll + Backpack
Starter Backpack = Nothing, ability to get things like fanny packs to regular backpacks, that have increased storage, nothing too crazy though, force people only keep so much on them
have to make decisions on what gear you are taking, obviously with more backpack space you can bring more along, but risk losing it all, including your backpack

------
Quests
------

Quest rewards once per avatar, unique rewards shouldn't be truly unique, we don't want to create a "golden path" to xp or OP items
able to be repeatable, so you can help your friends, but the NPCs react like you've already done this, while letting you go through, load into areas, but no extra experience or quest rewards

------
Skills
------

Unarmed (always 1, never levels up)
One Hand Melee
Two Hand Melee
Bows
Shield (also increases defense)
Pistol
Rifle

Offensive Magic?
Defensive Magic?
Summoning Magic?
Could use some ideas for better Magic Skill Names

-----
Magic
-----

How can magic work in this?
Depending on Level, you gain magic spell slots, magic spells are found as items/quest rewards and have to be "learned/equipped"
Cooldown on re-learning Magic, if you unlearn it wait some time before you can relearn it, to prevent people from abusing the amount of spell slots
whether that's building the cooldown on the individual spells, or the spell slots, maybe having a cooldown of sorts on the spell slots instead of the spells themselves would be better
if we go that route, have to come up with an in-lore reason as to why
Every 10 Levels = Gain 1 Magic Slot?
Once learned they can be unlearned and placed back in your inventory
Different Spells require certain skill level in that school of magic
example: Summon Imp (Summoning Magic lvl 10), Summon Banshee (Summoning Magic lvl 70)